Add glossary entry for "worker node" (#48690)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/worker-node.md

---
title: Worker Node
id: worker-node
date: 2024-11-11
full_link: 
short_description: >
   A machine, with a Kubernetes cluster, that runs containerized workloads in the form of pods. 

aka: 
tags:
- fundamental

> - operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
worker node is not an operation

---
A machine, within a Kubernetes {{< glossary_tooltip text="cluster" term_id="cluster" >}}, that runs containerized {{< glossary_tooltip text="workloads" term_id="workload" >}} 
in the form of {{< glossary_tooltip text="pods" term_id="pod" >}}.

<!--more-->

> The term *{{< glossary_tooltip text="node" term_id="node" >}}* is often used as a synonym, or abbreviation of *worker node*.

Reviewer: Try this:
```suggestion
The term _worker node_ distinguishes
a node from a _control plane node_: a node that runs part of the {{< glossary_tooltip text="control plane" term_id="control-plane" >}}. All worker nodes and control plane nodes also count as
{{< glossary_tooltip text="nodes" term_id="node" >}}.
```

Reviewer: Would you accept this change @TransitivityPaul ?
